## Part 5

"Dad - !!"

As I logged in to ALO, I accepted the small figure that jumped swiftly towards me with both hands.

When lifting up at most, holding it in your chest, you will slide your clams while from a throat murmuring like a cat "Uur~".

As the daughter of Asuna and I, Yui is a top-down "strong AI", who visited me daily for a week before I was allowed to use the Amusphere. Nevertheless, her degree of sweetness did not decrease.

But, of course, I do not scold her at all. Yui was a big help, as she tracked where I disappeared to, predicted that the people who attacked Ocean Turtle would use VRMMO players from other countries and took countermeasures. That much is true.

Whether you were satisfied with a single sweetheart, the white dress in my hands melted away in the light and instead a palm-size Pixie appeared. Shaking her transparent wings, Yui flew up and sat in a fixed position on my left shoulder.

Again, I looked around the log house of the new generation Aincrad on the 22nd floor in ALO.

Even though we are visiting every evening, that nostalgic feeling that follows remains undiminished.

Perhaps it may be somewhat similar to a cabin near Rulid where I lived with Alice in the Underworld for half a year. At that time, I was almost in a state of mental loss, so what I remember of the memory is unclear, but that feeling of calm daily life still remains in my mind.

Alice's sister Selka, who brought me food everyday, said that she chose to Deep Freeze herself for a long time in order to meet Alice again. It was the only thing I told Alice before I erased my memories.

Since that day, Alice has not put that wish out of her mind and is looking forward to the day when she can return to Underworld again. I also want to fulfill that hope soon. However, there is still no open connection to the Ocean Turtle under its blockade off of Izu Island. We will have to wait for Kikuoka's plan to be executed.

I switch my thinking with a short sigh, and I turn around with Yui on my shoulder.

Then my eyes met with Asuna, smiling as if I was looking forward to my emotions. With light blue hair, I join hands with her and leave our home.

It was a time when Alfheim was fading away by the night. The twilight which started to be inserted from the outer circumference is received by the widened wings and flies farther.

A lot of players were already gathered at the base of the World Tree, in the square before the gigantic dome. I found the usual faces in a corner and descend rapidly.

"You are late, Kirito!"

I bump my fist lightly against Klein's fist that was held out as soon as I land.

As usual, he smiled grinningly under a bad taste bandana, continuing with katana's use, in a funny tone.

"Since you can teleport, shouldn’t you appear in advance, like a decent hero-sama?"

"That was not teleportation, it's a super-fast flying technique."

"It’s both, both!!"

Klein hits my back with a rough slap.

Agil, standing with his arms folded next to Klein, also presented his huge fist. When we exchanged greetings with him, I briefed them on the conclusion of battle.

"If you become accustomed to such super-performance accounts, don't you have trouble with normal skills? After the meeting maybe swing it a little…"

"Well ..."

It is irritating. If you fight in ALO now, you forget that you can not do psychological attacks or Incarnation, it seems that you will appear to be playing around with the sword when fighting.

"... .... Here, I will show you the technique I prepared for the second time visiting Underworld."

This time, I turned sideways after I heard that, there was a smile on Leafa, who shines a long ponytail the color of the morning sun, and Sinon smacked a long bow on my shoulder. In turn, I greet them.

Of course, the two of us faced each other many times right after my awakening.

From Leafa / Suguha, I heard the she helped the Orc Lord, Rirupirin, and until the end they fought together. She described it all ended with people crowded around her crying out "Good luck", in the fight with the devil god. The "green swordswoman" left a strong impression on the men of the dark territory. It was hard to believe that scene, but at the same time I was deeply convinced. Anyway, Suguha is a true swordswoman who continues to push forward the way of the sword that I dropped, without losing its side.

The Orc Lord declared that he will continue waiting in the future for the second coming of a green swordswoman who called them human beings on the battlefield. Even now, 200 years have passed, the intention must have been transmitted without any alteration.

Sinon talked to me about her one-versus-one battle with Gabriel Miller, and revealed that he himself was "Subtilizer" who defeated Sinon during the 4th Bullet • of • Bullets. She said that her ‘pendant’ saved her from being paralyzed by Gabriel's psychological attack which was able to dangerously absorb consciousness.

She did not tell me what that necklace was exactly, but I also told Sinon the end of the decisive battle with Gabriel and what happened to that man in the real world.

After the raiders withdrew in their submarine, there was no figure of Gabriel in the first STL room and the other enemy Laughin’ • Coffin head, PoH, but I understood a certain thing from the STL logs.

First of all, Gabriel Miller conciousness was lost just after his battle with me, as much of his FluctLight was swept away by excessive information. Immediately afterwards, the heart stopped and it is certain that he died.

PoH seems a bit more complicated. Even after the marginal acceleration phase started, he kept mental activity for about 10 years of internal time. After that the FluctLight activity gradually declined, and it seems that intellectual activity had almost disappeared after thirty years.

This is a terrible imagination, but after winning against PoH, I transformed his avatar to a simple tree to prevent him from logging out again, and left it as it was. In other words, he has spent several decades with inputs other than skin sensation completely cut off. It is natural for FluctLights to collapse, and Higa said that it was definitely made into a vanity, even though he was physically alive.

Although indirectly, it is no different that I robbed them of their life. But, even if I take blame for the crime, I do not regret it. I think that because I want to honor the many Underworld people who died for their beliefs while fighting the highest priest,  Administrator.

After finishing greetings with Sinon and Leafa, I also shake hands with Lisbeth and Silica standing side by side nearby.

"It was all thanks to Liz that persuaded Japanese players through a speech."

As I said so, Lisbeth laughed at me like a shy girl.

"There is no such great speech, what are you saying... ...."

"It was, it had soooooo a great spirit!"

The triangular ears of the interrupted Silica are pulled tautly by Lisbeth.

"Thanks Silica."

As I laughed and my head was lowered, a small beast did not say a word through sharp teeth.

'Well, then, please take a reward'

As soon as I say it, I embrace it with both hands. Until the light blue small dragon Pina from her right shoulder flew to my head while singing "Ku-ru~!" (//Yes, Pina makes same sound as big dragons of Underworld/)

"Oh! What are you doing!"

Lisbeth, in turn, pulled the tail of Silica draggingly. 

Fugi-yo! A strange sound and saying, laughter is filling all the surroundings.

When I looked around, there were several folds of stairs around us.

Below, Lord Sakuya leading the players of Silph. Alicia Rue and Cait Sith. Salamanders led by Eugene. Also, I can see the appearance of Siune, and Jun from the Sleeping Knights.

— They came back.

I felt the strongest since I woke up at the RATH Roppongi branch at this moment.

With this, it’s far from complete happy ending. The destiny of the Underworld is totally uncertain and there are many problems to be solved, such as improving relationships with VRMMO players in the US, China and South Korea that have deteriorated.

I quietly asked Lisbeth hanging on the right arm against Silica.

"...... Restoration of the items lost in the Underworld, is it possible?"

"Oh ... yeah ... ...."

A happy face appeared, although slightly clouded.

Fortunately, the ALO, GGO, and many other Seed world accounts of players who converted to Underworld for their rescue were not lost. They were recompiled to their original VRMMO they were created in.

Unfortunately, we could not return weapons and armor which were destroyed or robbed in the battlefield. They are rare items that can not be easily obtained, and it seems that Lisbeth is currently requesting the operators of each VRMMO whether they can recover the data somehow.

"... Most of the operators say that after a conversion, 'items lost is self-responsibility’. That is their stance, but that is because there is a possibility of restoration if data is left on the Underworld server. I checked with Higa-san from RATH. He seems to be waiting for reconnection of the line .... "

"Okay ... but ... I think Higa will do something with it ... and the players in China and South Korea ... ...?"

"It's difficult, but possible"

The expression of Lisbeth sank even further.

"It was a terrible battle .... But, it was not until now that there were causes for it that made things go that far. There is also an opinion on the Japanese side, too, about the Japanese Seed Nexus. We shut off all overseas connections, so this time the goal is trying to open up ALO in order to make the dialogue resumption a reality. That is to be discussed today, I think”

"That's okay. Even if there are walls, and we exacerbate the relationship, we can find a way around it..."

I answered that and was reminded in my mind about the prospect of the mountain range that divided the Underworld's Human World and Dark Territory by hundreds of years.

After seeing the horizon of Alfheim which was hazy blurred for a while, I turned my eyes on the root of the World tree. The marble gate opens wide and the players enter the internal dome one after another.

"Well, let us also go."

When I urged my surrounding colleagues to step on foot.

Suddenly, an icon notifying the incoming voice chat from outside of ALO came into sight.

"Got a phone call... Sorry, please go on ahead."

I walk a little in the opposite direction of Asuna who started moving, I tap the icon.

"Hello?"

It was that nostalgic voice that I heard.

『... ... Kirito. It’s me ... Alice. 』

"Alice! Hi ... I  heard that you will not come to the meeting today in Alfheim ... for sure."

『That is right ... .... Sorry. The party I am attending here is still not going to end ... .... Please tell everyone that I'm sorry. 』

"...... That's right..."

I nod, gazing lightly.

Alice, the world's first genuine artificial intelligence, had many busy days of attending various receptions and parties to impress her existence to Real World people. Dr. Koujiro also apologized and she understood that it was inevitable as well. But for a great knight,  there is not anything pleasing about being treated like a spectacle.

"Let me know if there is anything troubling you Alice. You don't have to do anything you don't like."

『... I am a knight. Whatever it is, I will fulfill my duty.』

Even with that sound resolve, it seems that there was no past tension. Now I do not have much to worry for her.

『Well then, Kirito ... ... Best of luck』

"OK ... .... Then, see you again"

I replied, and I waited for the call to run out.

However, after a while's silence, a faint voice was heard again.

『Kirito .... I ... ... I'm getting wilted. 』

Voice chat was disconnected before I could answer to that.

